# E-CommerceApp
Illustration by Jennifer Tapias Derch  According to Statista, the augmented reality market is valued at $30.7 billion, with around 810 million active mobile users. And so far in 2021, over 400,000 augmented reality glasses have already been sold.  We could rattle off more statistics, but there’s no question about it: where ecommerce retailers were once scrambling to adopt video as a new method of engaging customers and improving conversion rates, augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) are now poised to forever alter how products are sold online.     Here’s why 3D, AR, and VR matter—and how they’re already benefiting early adopters.  Table of contents  Augmented reality for retail: 2021 stats and trend Business and customer benefits of using 3D, AR, and VR in retail Augmented reality in fashion/apparel Examples of augmented reality in fashion and apparel Augmented reality in furniture stores Examples of augmented reality in furniture stores Augmented reality for specialty goods Examples of augmented reality for specialty good How hard is it to get started with AR? The future of shopping is virtual Stay on top of the latest ecommerce trends and insights with our biweekly newsletter  Sign me up Augmented reality for retail: 2021 stats and trends  Source: The Cambridge Satchel Company  Despite being around since 1968—when the first AR headset was developed by a computer scientist at Harvard University—augmented reality can still feel like a gimmick or technology rooted in the distant future. In fact, it’s more akin to what video content was five years ago—it can be a critical component of your ecommerce storefront, capable of engaging new customers and boosting conversions.  Snap Inc. reports that there are already more than 100 million consumers shopping with AR online and in stores. In 2021, the company teamed up with Deloitte Digital to survey 15,000 consumers worldwide. While most respondents said they currently consider AR a “toy” (think: Snapchat filters, Pokémon Go, or Google’s AR-enabled search, which, at one point, had everyone placing dinosaurs in their home), a whopping 76% want to use it as a “tool” in their everyday lives.   And the most realistic and practical use for it that already exists today? Online shopping. According to Google’s 2019 AR Survey, 66% of people are interested in using AR for help when making purchasing decisions.  The pandemic has only accelerated this process. If those same surveys were conducted today, the numbers would likely be much higher. While brick-and-mortar stores are reopening, they’re doing so with new health and safety restrictions. For example, customers who can no longer try makeup samples in-store have to rely on virtual mirrors, such as Sephora’s Virtual Artist feature.     Unfortunately, not much reliable research (read: uninflated data) yet exists on how AR will affect conversion rates. But Shopify’s internal numbers indicate that it has strong potential.  Consider, for example, that adding video lifts conversion rates 60% over buyers interacting with images alone. Merchants who add 3D content to their stores see a 94% conversion lift, on average.     “That tells us a lot about buyer trust and behavior,” says Ryan Smith, product lead at Shopify.  If I can interact with the product, see it from different angles, evaluate the texture, or place it in context in my room or on my face, it helps me make the buying decision better than images alone can deliver. It’s a merchant telling a story with a richer medium.” A tile E-Commerce App, we are going to let our users choose among different tiles and apply that to our floor. Augmented Reality
